.TH "lsm_pool_status_get" 3 "lsm_pool_status_get" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_pool_status_get \- Retrieves status of specified pool.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "uint64_t" lsm_pool_status_get
.BI "(lsm_pool *" s ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "s" 12
Pool to retrieve status for.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Retrieves status of the specified pool.
.SH "RETURN"
uint64_t. Status of the specified pool which is a bit sensitive field.
Possible values are:
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_UNKNOWN
        Plugin failed to query out the status of Pool.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_OK
        The data of this pool is accessible with not data lose. But it
        might along with LSM_POOL_STATUS_DEGRADED to indicate redundancy
        lose.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_OTHER
        Vendor specific status. The status_info property will explain
        the detail.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_DEGRADED
        Pool is lost data redundancy due to I/O error or offline of one
        or more RAID member. Often come with LSM_POOL_STATUS_OK to
        indicate data is still accessible with not data lose. Example:
            * RAID 6 pool lost access to 1 disk or 2 disks.
            * RAID 5 pool lost access to 1 disk.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_ERROR
        Pool data is not accessible due to some members offline.
        Example:
            * RAID 5 pool lost access to 2 disks.
            * RAID 0 pool lost access to 1 disks.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_STARTING
        Pool is reviving from STOPPED status. Pool data is not
        accessible yet.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_STOPPING
        Pool is stopping by administrator. Pool data is not accessible.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_STOPPED
        Pool is stopped by administrator. Pool data is not accessible.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_RECONSTRUCTING
        Pool is reconstructing the hash data or mirror data. Mostly
        happen when disk revive from offline or disk replaced.
        Pool.status_info may contain progress of this reconstruction
        job. Often come with LSM_POOL_STATUS_DEGRADED and
        LSM_POOL_STATUS_OK.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_VERIFYING
        Array is running integrity check on data of current pool. It
        might be started by administrator or array itself. The I/O
        performance will be impacted. Pool.status_info may contain
        progress of this verification job. Often come with
        LSM_POOL_STATUS_OK to indicate data is still accessible.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_GROWING
        Pool is growing its size and doing internal jobs.
        Pool.status_info can contain progress of this growing job. Often
        come with LSM_POOL_STATUS_OK to indicate data is still
        accessible.
    * LSM_POOL_STATUS_DELETING
        Array is deleting current pool.
