.TH "lsm_fs_resize" 3 "lsm_fs_resize" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_resize \- Resizes a file system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_resize
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_fs *" fs ","
.BI "uint64_t " new_size_bytes ","
.BI "lsm_fs **" rfs ","
.BI "char **" job_id ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "fs" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs to re-size
.IP "new_size_bytes" 12
uint64_t. New size of file system in bytes, actual size might be bigger
than requested and will be based on array rounding to block size,
.IP "rfs" 12
Output pointer of updated lsm_fs. Might be NULL if storage system
support asynchronous action on this.
.IP "job_id" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_fs_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Resize the specified file system.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS_RESIZE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready for volume resizing.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_STATE_CHANGE
        Requested size if identical to current size.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
