.TH "lsm_local_disk_link_type_get" 3 "lsm_local_disk_link_type_get" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_local_disk_link_type_get \- Query disk link type.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_local_disk_link_type_get
.BI "(const char *" disk_path ","
.BI "lsm_disk_link_type *" link_type ","
.BI "lsm_error **" lsm_err ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "disk_path" 12
String. The path of disk, example "/dev/sdb".:
.IP "link_type" 12
Output pointer of lsm_disk_link_type.
.IP "lsm_err" 12
Output pointer of lsm_error. Error message could be:
retrieved via \fBlsm_error_message_get\fP. Memory should
be freed by \fBlsm_error_free\fP.
.SH "VERSION"
1.3
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Query the disk link type of specified disk path.
For SATA disks connected to SAS SES enclosure, will return
LSM_SCSI_LINK_TYPE_ATA.
Require permission to open /dev/sdX(root user or disk group).

Possible value of lsm_disk_link_type:
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_UNKNOWN
    When error or unknown.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_FC
     Fibre Channel.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_SSA
     Serial Storage Architecture, Old IBM tech.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_SBP
     Serial Bus Protocol, used by IEEE 1394.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_SRP
     SCSI RDMA Protocol.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_ISCSI
     Internet Small Computer System Interface.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_SAS
     Serial Attached SCSI.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_ADT
     Automation/Drive Interface Transport Protocol, often used by Tape.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_ATA
     PATA/IDE or SATA.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_USB
     USB disk.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_SOP
     SCSI over PCI-E.
 * LSM_DISK_LINK_TYPE_PCIE
     PCI-E, e.g. NVMe.
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number':
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL
    * LSM_ERR_NO_MEMORY
        When no memory.
    * LSM_ERR_LIB_BUG
        When something unexpected happens.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_DISK
        When provided disk path not found.
    * LSM_ERR_PERMISSION_DENIED
        Insufficient permission to access provided disk path.
