.TH "lsm_volume_raid_create" 3 "lsm_volume_raid_create" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_raid_create \- Create a RAID volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_raid_create
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" name ","
.BI "lsm_volume_raid_type " raid_type ","
.BI "lsm_disk *" disks[] ","
.BI "uint32_t " disk_count ","
.BI "uint32_t " strip_size ","
.BI "lsm_volume **" new_volume ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "name" 12
String. Human recognizable name, might be altered or ignored by certain
storage system.
.IP "raid_type" 12
lsm_volume_raid_type. Please refer to the returns of
\fBlsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get\fP function for supported RAID type.
.IP "disks[]" 12
An array of lsm_disk pointer.
.IP "disk_count" 12
The count of lsm_disk in 'disks' argument.
.IP "strip_size" 12
uint32_t. The strip size in bytes. Please refer to the returns of
\fBlsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get\fP function for supported strip sizes.
.IP "new_volume" 12
Output pointer of lsm_volume for newly created volume.
Returned value must be freed with a call to \fBlsm_volume_record_free\fP.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.2
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Only available for hardware RAID cards.
Create a disk RAID pool and allocate entire full space to new volume.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_RAID_CREATE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_DISK
        When disk not found.
    * LSM_ERR_DISK_NOT_FREE
        When disk not free.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
