.TH "lsm_volume_delete" 3 "lsm_volume_delete" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_delete \- Delete a volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_delete
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "volume" 12
Pointer of lsm_volume that is to be deleted.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous
action on this, a job will be created and could be tracked
via \fBlsm_job_status_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Deletes a volume/LUN and its data is lost!
If specified volume is masked to any access_group, it cannot be deleted.
You may use `\fBlsm_access_groups_granted_to_volume\fP` and
`\fBlsm_volume_unmask\fP` before `\fBlsm_volume_delete\fP`.
If specified volume is has child dependency, it cannot be deleted.
You may use `\fBlsm_volume_child_dependency\fP` and
`\fBlsm_volume_child_dependency_delete\fP` before `\fBlsm_volume_delete\fP`.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_DELETE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
    * LSM_ERR_HAS_CHILD_DEPENDENCY
        Specified volume has child dependencies.
