.TH "lsm_pool_list" 3 "lsm_pool_list" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_pool_list \- Query the list of storage pools on this connection.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_pool_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "char *" search_key ","
.BI "char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_pool **" pool_array[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key(NULL for all). Valid search keys are: "id", "system_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "pool_array[]" 12
Output pointer of lsm_pool array. It should be manually freed by
\fBlsm_pool_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "count" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. Number of storage pools.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Query the list of storage pools on this connection.
Pool is the only place a volume or a file system could created from.
Pool properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_pool_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_name_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_system_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_free_space_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_total_space_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_status_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_status_info_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_unsupported_actions_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_pool_element_type_get\fP
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or searched value not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
