.TH "lsm_target_port_list" 3 "lsm_target_port_list" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_target_port_list \- Gets a list of target ports on this connection.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_target_port_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" search_key ","
.BI "const char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_target_port **" target_ports[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key(NULL for all).
Valid search keys are: "id", and "system_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "target_ports[]" 12
Output pointer of lsm_target_port array.
Return value must be freed with a call to
\fBlsm_target_port_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "count" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. Number of target ports.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Gets a list of target ports on this connection.
Target port are the front-end port of storage system which storage
user/client connect to and get storage service from.
Target port properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_target_port_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_type_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_system_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_network_address_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_physical_address_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_physical_name_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_target_port_service_address_get\fP
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_TARGET_PORTS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or searched value not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
