.TH "lsm_disk_status_get" 3 "lsm_disk_status_get" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_disk_status_get \- Retrieves status of specified disk.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "uint64_t" lsm_disk_status_get
.BI "(lsm_disk *" d ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "d" 12
Disk to retrieve status for.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Retrieves status of the specified disk.
.SH "RETURN"
uint64_t. Status of the specified disk which is a bit sensitive field.
Possible values are:
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_UNKNOWN
        Plugin failed to query out the status of disk.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_OK
        Everything is OK.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_OTHER
        Vendor specific status.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_PREDICTIVE_FAILURE
        Disk is still functional but will fail soon.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_ERROR
        Error make disk not functional.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_REMOVED
        Disk was removed by administrator.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_STARTING
        Disk is starting up.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_STOPPING
        Disk is shutting down.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_STOPPED
        Disk is stopped by administrator.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_INITIALIZING
        Disk is not functional yet, internal storage system is
        initializing this disk, it could be:
            * Initialising new disk.
            * Zeroing disk.
            * Scrubbing disk data.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_MAINTENANCE_MODE
        In maintenance for bad sector scan, integrity check and etc It
        might be combined with LSM_DISK_STATUS_OK or
        LSM_DISK_STATUS_STOPPED for online maintenance or offline
        maintenance.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_SPARE_DISK
        Disk is configured as spare disk.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_RECONSTRUCT
        Disk is reconstructing its data.
    * LSM_DISK_STATUS_FREE
        New in version 1.2, indicate the whole disk is not holding any
        data or acting as a dedicate spare disk. This disk could be
        assigned as a dedicated spare disk or used for creating pool.
        If any spare disk(like those on NetApp ONTAP) does not require
        any explicit action when assigning to pool, it should be treated
        as free disk and marked as
        LSM_DISK_STATUS_FREE|LSM_DISK_STATUS_SPARE_DISK.
