.TH "lsm_volume_physical_disk_cache_update" 3 "lsm_volume_physical_disk_cache_update" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_physical_disk_cache_update \- Change RAM physical disk cache setting of specified volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_physical_disk_cache_update
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "uint32_t " pdc ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "volume" 12
Pointer of lsm_volume.
.IP "pdc" 12
uint32_t. Physical disk cache setting, valid values are:
* LSM_VOLUME_PHYSICAL_DISK_CACHE_ENABLED
   Enable physical disk cache.
* LSM_VOLUME_PHYSICAL_DISK_CACHE_DISABLED
   Disable physical disk cache
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.3
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Change the setting of RAM physical disk cache of specified volume. On
some product(like HPE SmartArray), this action will be effective at
system level which means that even you are requesting a change on a
specified volume, this change will apply to all other volumes on the
same controller(system).
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_PHYSICAL_DISK_CACHE_UPDATE
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_PHYSICAL_DISK_CACHE_UPDATE_SYSTEM_LEVEL
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
