.TH "lsm_fs_ss_create" 3 "lsm_fs_ss_create" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_ss_create \- Creates a file system snapshot
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_ss_create
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_fs *" fs ","
.BI "const char *" name ","
.BI "lsm_fs_ss **" snapshot ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "fs" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs to create snapshot.
.IP "name" 12
String. Human recognizable name, might be altered or ignored by certain
storage system.
.IP "snapshot" 12
Output pointer of lsm_fs_ss for newly created snapshot.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_ss_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Creates a new file system snapshot.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS_SNAPSHOT_CREATE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready for volume creation.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
