.TH "lsm_volume_child_dependency_delete" 3 "lsm_volume_child_dependency_delete" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_child_dependency_delete \- Delete all child dependencies of the specified volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_child_dependency_delete
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "volume" 12
Pointer of lsm_volume.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous
action on this, a job will be created and could be tracked
via \fBlsm_job_status_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Instruct storage system to remove all child dependencies of the
specified volume by duplicating the required storage before breaking
replication relationship.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_CHILD_DEPENDENCY_RM
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags or invalid lsm_volume pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_STATE_CHANGE
        When volume is not a replication source.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
