.TH "lsm_volume_resize" 3 "lsm_volume_resize" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_resize \- Resize an existing volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_resize
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "uint64_t " new_size ","
.BI "lsm_volume **" resized_volume ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "volume" 12
lsm_volume. Volume to re-size
.IP "new_size" 12
uint64_t. New size of volume in bytes, actual size might be bigger than
requested and will be based on array rounding to block size,
.IP "resized_volume" 12
Output pointer of updated lsm_volume. Might be NULL if storage system
support asynchronous action on this.
Memory must be freed with a call to \fBlsm_volume_record_free\fP.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_volume_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Resize the specified volume.
Some pool might not allow volume resize, please check
\fBlsm_pool_unsupported_actions_get\fP for LSM_POOL_UNSUPPORTED_VOLUME_GROW
and LSM_POOL_UNSUPPORTED_VOLUME_SHRINK before invoking this function.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_RESIZE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_POOL
        When pool not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready for volume resizing.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_STATE_CHANGE
        Requested size if identical to current size.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
