.TH "lsm_nfs_list" 3 "lsm_nfs_list" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_nfs_list \- Gets a list of NFS exports on this connection.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_nfs_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" search_key ","
.BI "const char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_nfs_export **" exports[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key(NULL for all).
Valid search keys are: "id", "fs_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "exports[]" 12
Out pointer of lsm_nfs_export array. It should be manually freed by
\fBlsm_nfs_export_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "count" 12
uint32_t. Number of items in array.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Gets a list of NFS export on this connection.
NFS export properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_fs_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_export_path_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_auth_type_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_root_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_read_write_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_read_only_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_anon_gid_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_anon_uid_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_nfs_export_options_get\fP
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_EXPORTS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or searched value not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
