.TH "lsm_fs_create" 3 "lsm_fs_create" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_create \- Creates a new file system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_create
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_pool *" pool ","
.BI "const char *" name ","
.BI "uint64_t " size_bytes ","
.BI "lsm_fs **" fs ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "pool" 12
Pointer of lsm_pool.
.IP "name" 12
String. Human recognizable name, might be altered or ignored by certain
storage system.
.IP "size_bytes" 12
uint64_t. Size of new file system in bytes, actual size might be bigger
than requested and will be based on array rounding to block size,
.IP "fs" 12
Output pointer of lsm_fs. Will be NULL if storage system support
asynchronous action on this.
Returned value must be freed with \fBlsm_fs_record_free\fP.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous
action on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_fs_get\fP.
NULL if storage system does not support asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Creates a new file system for NFS or CIFS share.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS_CREATE
.SH "RETURN"
LSM_ERR_OK on success, LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED if async. ,
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_POOL
        When pool not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready for file system creation.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
