.TH "lsm_fs_ss_restore" 3 "lsm_fs_ss_restore" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_ss_restore \- Restores a file system snapshot.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_ss_restore
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_fs *" fs ","
.BI "lsm_fs_ss *" ss ","
.BI "lsm_string_list *" files ","
.BI "lsm_string_list *" restore_files ","
.BI "int " all_files ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "fs" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs which contains the snapshot
.IP "ss" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs_ss to restore to.
.IP "files" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list. If defined, only restore specified files.
If NULL and 'all_files' set to 1, restore all files.
.IP "restore_files" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list. If defined, rename restored files to
defined file paths and names.
.IP "all_files" 12
int. 0 for only restore defined files, 1 for restore for all files.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Restores a file system or files to a previous state as specified in the
snapshot.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS_SNAPSHOT_RESTORE
LSM_CAP_FS_SNAPSHOT_RESTORE_SPECIFIC_FILES
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS_SS
        When file system snapshot not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
