.TH "lsm_fs_list" 3 "lsm_fs_list" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_list \- Gets a list of file systems on this connection.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" search_key ","
.BI "const char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_fs **" fs[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" fs_count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key (NULL for all)
Valid search keys are: "id", "system_id" and "pool_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "fs[]" 12
Output pointer of lsm_fs array. It should be manually freed by
\fBlsm_fs_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "fs_count" 12
Number of file systems.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Gets a list of file systems on this connection.
Network Attached Storage (NAS) Storage array can expose a Filesystem to
host OS via IP network using NFS or CIFS protocol. The host OS treats it
as a mount point or a folder containing files depending on client
operating system.
File system properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_fs_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_fs_name_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_fs_system_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_fs_pool_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_fs_total_space_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_fs_free_space_get\fP
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or searched value not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
