.TH "lsm_fs_clone" 3 "lsm_fs_clone" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_clone \- Clones an existing file system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_clone
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_fs *" src_fs ","
.BI "const char *" name ","
.BI "lsm_fs_ss *" optional_ss ","
.BI "lsm_fs **" cloned_fs ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "src_fs" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs for source file system.
.IP "name" 12
String. Human recognizable name for new file system, might be altered
or ignored by certain storage system.
.IP "optional_ss" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs_ss. File system snapshot to base clone from.
Set to NULL of not needed..
.IP "cloned_fs" 12
Output pointer of lsm_fs for the newlly created file system.
Will be NULL if storage system support asynchronous action on this.
Returned value must be freed with a call to \fBlsm_fs_record_free\fP.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_fs_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Create a point in time read writeable space efficient copy of
specified file system, also know as read writeable snapshot.
The new file system will reside in the same pool of specified file
system.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FS_CLONE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
