.TH "lsm_volume_create" 3 "lsm_volume_create" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_create \- Creates a new volume
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_create
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_pool *" pool ","
.BI "const char *" volume_name ","
.BI "uint64_t " size ","
.BI "lsm_volume_provision_type " provisioning ","
.BI "lsm_volume **" new_volume ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "pool" 12
Pointer of lsm_pool.
.IP "volume_name" 12
String. Human recognizable name, might be altered or ignored by certain
storage systems.
.IP "size" 12
uint64_t. Size of new volume in bytes, actual size might be bigger than
requested and will be based on array rounding to block size,
.IP "provisioning" 12
lsm_volume_provision_type. Type of volume provisioning to use. Valid
values are:
* LSM_VOLUME_PROVISION_DEFAULT
   Let storage system to decided.
* LSM_VOLUME_PROVISION_FULL
   Create new fully allocated volume.
* LSM_VOLUME_PROVISION_THIN
   Create new thin provisioning volume.
.IP "new_volume" 12
Output pointer of lsm_volume. Will be NULL if storage system support
asynchronous action on this.
Memory must be freed with a call to \fBlsm_volume_record_free\fP.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous
action on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_volume_get\fP.
NULL if storage system does not support asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Creates a new volume(also known as LUN).
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_CREATE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags or invalid provisioning type.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_POOL
        When pool not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready for volume creation.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
