.TH "lsm_nfs_export_fs" 3 "lsm_nfs_export_fs" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_nfs_export_fs \- Creates or modifies an NFS export.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_nfs_export_fs
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" fs_id ","
.BI "const char *" export_path ","
.BI "lsm_string_list *" root_list ","
.BI "lsm_string_list *" rw_list ","
.BI "lsm_string_list *" ro_list ","
.BI "uint64_t " anon_uid ","
.BI "uint64_t " anon_gid ","
.BI "const char *" auth_type ","
.BI "const char *" options ","
.BI "lsm_nfs_export **" exported ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "fs_id" 12
String. File system ID to export.
.IP "export_path" 12
String. Export path.
.IP "root_list" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list. List of hosts that have root access
.IP "rw_list" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list. List of hosts that have read/write access
.IP "ro_list" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list. List of hosts that have read only access
.IP "anon_uid" 12
uint64_t. UID to map to anonymous.
.IP "anon_gid" 12
uint64_t. GID to map to anonymous.
.IP "auth_type" 12
String. NFS client authentication type.
.IP "options" 12
Array specific options
.IP "exported" 12
Output pointer of lsm_nfs_export for newly created NFS export.
Returned value must be freed with \fBlsm_nfs_export_record_free\fP.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Creates or modifies an NFS export.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_EXPORT_FS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
