.TH "lsm_local_disk_led_status_get" 3 "lsm_local_disk_led_status_get" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_local_disk_led_status_get \- Query disk LED status.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_local_disk_led_status_get
.BI "(const char *" disk_path ","
.BI "uint32_t *" led_status ","
.BI "lsm_error **" lsm_err ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "disk_path" 12
String. The path of disk, example "/dev/sdb".
.IP "led_status" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. which is a bit sensitive field.
.IP "lsm_err" 12
Output pointer of lsm_error. Error message could be retrieved via
\fBlsm_error_message_get\fP. Memory should be freed by \fBlsm_error_free\fP.
.SH "VERSION"
1.4
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Query the disk LED status of specified disk path.
Require permission to open specified disk path(root user or disk group).

The output led_status is a bit sensitive field:
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_UNKNOWN
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_IDENT_ON
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_IDENT_OFF
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_IDENT_UNKNOWN
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_FAULT_ON
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_FAULT_OFF
    * LSM_DISK_LED_STATUS_FAULT_UNKNOWN
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number':
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL
    * LSM_ERR_LIB_BUG
        When something unexpected happens.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_DISK
        When provided disk path not found.
    * LSM_ERR_PERMISSION_DENIED
        Insufficient permission to access provided disk path.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Action is not supported.
