.TH "lsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get" 3 "lsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get \- Retrieves supported capability of lsm_volume_raid_create()
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_raid_create_cap_get
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_system *" system ","
.BI "uint32_t **" supported_raid_types ","
.BI "uint32_t *" supported_raid_type_count ","
.BI "uint32_t **" supported_strip_sizes ","
.BI "uint32_t *" supported_strip_size_count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "system" 12
Pointer of lsm_system.
.IP "supported_raid_types" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t array. Containing lsm_volume_raid_type
values. Memory should be freed via \fBfree\fP. Valid values are:
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID0
   Stripe.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID1
   Two disks Mirror
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID3
   Byte-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID4
   Block-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID5
   Block-level striping with distributed parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID6
   Block-level striping with two distributed parities,
   aka, RAID-DP
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID10
   Stripe of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID15
   Parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID16
   Dual parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID50
   Stripe of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID60
   Stripe of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID51
   Mirror of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID61
   Mirror of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_JBOD
   Just bunch of disks, no parity, no striping.
.IP "supported_raid_type_count" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. Indicate the item count of
supported_raid_types array.
.IP "supported_strip_sizes" 12
The pointer of uint32_t array. Containing all supported strip sizes.
Memory should be freed via \fBfree\fP.
.IP "supported_strip_size_count" 12
The pointer of uint32_t. Indicate the item count of
supported_strip_sizes array.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.2
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Only available for hardware RAID cards. Query all supported RAID types
and strip sizes which could be used in \fBlsm_volume_raid_create\fP
functions.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_RAID_CREATE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
