.TH "lsm_access_group_create" 3 "lsm_access_group_create" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_access_group_create \- Create a new access group.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_access_group_create
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" name ","
.BI "const char *" init_id ","
.BI "lsm_access_group_init_type " init_type ","
.BI "lsm_system *" system ","
.BI "lsm_access_group **" access_group ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "name" 12
String. Human recognizable name, might be altered or ignored by certain
storage system.
.IP "init_id" 12
String. Initiator id to be added to group.
.IP "init_type" 12
lsm_access_group_init_type. Valid initiator types are:
* LSM_ACCESS_GROUP_INIT_TYPE_ISCSI_IQN
   iSCSI IQN.
* LSM_ACCESS_GROUP_INIT_TYPE_WWPN
   FC WWPN
.IP "system" 12
Pointer of lsm_system to create access group for.
.IP "access_group" 12
Output pointer of newly created lsm_access_group.
Returned value must be freed with function
\fBlsm_access_group_record_free\fP.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Creates a new access group with one initiator in it. You may expand
the access group by adding more initiators via
\fBlsm_access_group_initiator_add\fP.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_ACCESS_GROUP_CREATE_WWPN
LSM_CAP_ACCESS_GROUP_CREATE_ISCSI_IQN
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid system
        pointer or invalid init_type or illegal initiator ID string.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_SYSTEM
        When the specified system does not exist.
