.TH "lsm_volume_write_cache_policy_update" 3 "lsm_volume_write_cache_policy_update" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_write_cache_policy_update \- Change RAM write cache policy of the specified volume
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_write_cache_policy_update
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "uint32_t " wcp ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "volume" 12
A single lsm_volume
.IP "wcp" 12
uint32_t. Write cache policy. Valid values are:
* LSM_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_WRITE_BACK
   Change to write back mode.
* LSM_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_AUTO
   Change to auto mode: use write back mode when battery/capacitor
   is healthy, otherwise use write through.
* LSM_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_WRITE_THROUGH
   Change to write through mode.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.3
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Change the RAM write cache policy on specified volume. If
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_IMPACT_READ is supported(e.g. HPE
SmartArray), the changes on write cache policy might also impact read
cache policy. If LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_WB_IMPACT_OTHER
is supported(e.g. HPE SmartArray), changing write cache policy to write
back mode might impact other volumes in the same system.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_AUTO
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_WRITE_BACK
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_WRITE_THROUGH
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_WB_IMPACT_OTHER
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_WRITE_CACHE_POLICY_UPDATE_IMPACT_READ
.SH "RETURN"
LSM_ERR_OK on success else error reason
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
