.TH "lsm_local_disk_rpm_get" 3 "lsm_local_disk_rpm_get" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_local_disk_rpm_get \- Query disk rotation speed.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_local_disk_rpm_get
.BI "(const char *" disk_path ","
.BI "int32_t *" rpm ","
.BI "lsm_error **" lsm_err ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "disk_path" 12
String. The path of disk block, example: "/dev/sdb", "/dev/nvme0n1".
.IP "rpm" 12
Output pointer of int32_t.
.IP "lsm_err" 12
Output pointer of lsm_error. Error message could be retrieved via
\fBlsm_error_message_get\fP. Memory should be freed by \fBlsm_error_free\fP.
.SH "VERSION"
1.3
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Query the disk rotation speed - revolutions per minute(RPM) of
specified disk path. Requires permission to open disk path(root user or
disk group).

Possible values of rpm are:

    * -1(LSM_DISK_RPM_UNKNOWN):
        Unknown RPM.
    * 0(LSM_DISK_RPM_NON_ROTATING_MEDIUM):
        Non-rotating medium (e.g., SSD).

    * 1(LSM_DISK_RPM_ROTATING_UNKNOWN_SPEED):
        Rotational disk with unknown speed.
    * >1:
        Normal rotational disk (e.g., HDD).
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number':
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL
    * LSM_ERR_LIB_BUG
        When something unexpected happens.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_DISK
        When provided disk path not found.
    * LSM_ERR_PERMISSION_DENIED
        No sufficient permission to access provided disk path.
