.TH "lsm_pool_member_info" 3 "lsm_pool_member_info" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_pool_member_info \- Retrieves the membership of given pool.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_pool_member_info
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_pool *" pool ","
.BI "lsm_volume_raid_type *" raid_type ","
.BI "lsm_pool_member_type *" member_type ","
.BI "lsm_string_list **" member_ids ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "pool" 12
The pointer of lsm_pool.
.IP "raid_type" 12
lsm_volume_raid_type. Valid values are:
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID0
   Stripe.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID1
   Two disks Mirror
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID3
   Byte-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID4
   Block-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID5
   Block-level striping with distributed parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID6
   Block-level striping with two distributed parities,
   aka, RAID-DP
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID10
   Stripe of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID15
   Parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID16
   Dual parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID50
   Stripe of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID60
   Stripe of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID51
   Mirror of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID61
   Mirror of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_JBOD
   Just bunch of disks, no parity, no striping.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_UNKNOWN
   The plugin failed to detect the volume's RAID type.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_MIXED
   This volume contains multiple RAID settings.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_OTHER
   Vendor specific RAID type
.IP "member_type" 12
lsm_pool_member_type. Valid values are:
* LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_POOL
   Current pool(also known as sub-pool) is allocated from
   other pool(parent pool). The 'raid_type' will set to
   RAID_TYPE_OTHER unless certain RAID system support RAID
   using space of parent pools.
* LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_DISK
   Pool is created from RAID group using whole disks.
* LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_OTHER
   Vendor specific RAID member type.
* LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_UNKNOWN
   Plugin failed to detect the RAID member type.
.IP "member_ids" 12
Pointer of lsm_string_list.
When 'member_type' is LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_POOL, the 'member_ids' will
contain a list of parent Pool IDs.
When 'member_type' is LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_DISK, the 'member_ids' will
contain a list of disk IDs.
When 'member_type' is LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_OTHER or
LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_UNKNOWN, the member_ids should be NULL.
Memory need to be freed via \fBlsm_string_list_free\fP.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.2.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Retrieves the membership information of certain pool:
    RAID type, member type and member ids.
Currently, LibStorageMgmt supports two types of pool:
* Sub-pool -- LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_POOL
    Pool space is allocated from parent pool.
    Example:
        * NetApp ONTAP volume

* Disk RAID pool -- LSM_POOL_MEMBER_TYPE_DISK
    Pool is a RAID group assembled by disks.
    Example:
        * LSI MegaRAID disk group
        * EMC VNX pool
        * NetApp ONTAP aggregate
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_POOL_MEMBER_INFO
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
