.TH "lsm_access_group_list" 3 "lsm_access_group_list" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_access_group_list \- Retrieves a list of access groups.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_access_group_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" search_key ","
.BI "const char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_access_group **" groups[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" group_count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key(NULL for all).
Valid search keys are: "id", "system_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "groups[]" 12
Output pointer of lsm_access_group array. It should be manually freed by
\fBlsm_access_group_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "group_count" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. Number of access groups.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Gets a list of access group on this connection. Access group
is also known as host group on some storage system, it defines a group
of initiators sharing the same access to the volume.
Access group properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_access_group_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_access_group_name_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_access_group_system_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_access_group_initiator_id_get\fP
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_ACCESS_GROUPS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
