.TH "lsm_disk_list" 3 "lsm_disk_list" "October 2017" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_disk_list \- Gets a list of disks on this connection.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_disk_list
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "const char *" search_key ","
.BI "const char *" search_value ","
.BI "lsm_disk **" disks[] ","
.BI "uint32_t *" count ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid lsm_connect pointer.
.IP "search_key" 12
Search key(NULL for all).
Valid search keys are: "id", "system_id".
.IP "search_value" 12
Search value.
.IP "disks[]" 12
Output pointer of lsm_disk array. It should be manually freed by
\fBlsm_disk_record_array_free\fP.
.IP "count" 12
Output pointer of uint32_t. Number of disks.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Gets a list of disks on this connection.
Disk properties could be retrieved by these functions:
    * \fBlsm_disk_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_name_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_system_id_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_type_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_number_of_blocks_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_block_size_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_status_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_location_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_rpm_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_link_type_get\fP
    * \fBlsm_disk_vpd83_get\fP
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_DISKS
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success or searched value not found.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags or invalid search
        key.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
