.TH "lsm_fs_file_clone" 3 "lsm_fs_file_clone" "February 2019" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_fs_file_clone \- Clones a file on a file system.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_fs_file_clone
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_fs *" fs ","
.BI "const char *" src_file_name ","
.BI "const char *" dest_file_name ","
.BI "lsm_fs_ss *" snapshot ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "fs" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs which file resides.
.IP "src_file_name" 12
String. Source file relative name & path.
.IP "dest_file_name" 12
String. Destination file relative name & path.
.IP "snapshot" 12
Pointer of lsm_fs_ss. Snapshot of source file is based on.
If NULL, use current state of this file.
Returned value must be freed with a call to \fBlsm_fs_ss_record_free\fP.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous action
on this, a job will be created and could be tracked via
\fBlsm_job_status_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Clones the specified file on a file system.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_FILE_CLONE
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_FS
        When file system not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE
        Pool does not have enough space.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
