.TH "lsm_volume_raid_info" 3 "lsm_volume_raid_info" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_raid_info \- Retrieves the RAID information of specified volume
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_raid_info
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" volume ","
.BI "lsm_volume_raid_type *" raid_type ","
.BI "uint32_t *" strip_size ","
.BI "uint32_t *" disk_count ","
.BI "uint32_t *" min_io_size ","
.BI "uint32_t *" opt_io_size ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "volume" 12
Pointer of lsm_volume.
.IP "raid_type" 12
lsm_volume_raid_type. Valid values are:
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID0
   Stripe.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID1
   Two disks Mirror
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID3
   Byte-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID4
   Block-level striping with dedicated parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID5
   Block-level striping with distributed parity
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID6
   Block-level striping with two distributed parities,
   aka, RAID-DP
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID10
   Stripe of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID15
   Parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID16
   Dual parity of mirrors
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID50
   Stripe of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID60
   Stripe of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID51
   Mirror of parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_RAID61
   Mirror of dual parities
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_JBOD
   Just bunch of disks, no parity, no striping.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_UNKNOWN
   The plugin failed to detect the volume's RAID type.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_MIXED
   This volume contains multiple RAID settings.
LSM_VOLUME_RAID_TYPE_OTHER
   Vendor specific RAID type
.IP "strip_size" 12
uint32_t. The size of strip on each disk or other storage extent.
For RAID1/JBOD, it should be set as sector size.
If plugin failed to detect strip size, it should be set as
LSM_VOLUME_STRIP_SIZE_UNKNOWN(0).
.IP "disk_count" 12
uint32_t. The count of disks used for assembling the RAID group(s) where
this volume allocated from. For any RAID system using the slice of disk,
this value indicate how many disk slices are used for the RAID. For
example, on LVM RAID, the 'disk_count' here indicate the count of PVs
used for certain volume. Another example, on EMC VMAX, the 'disk_count'
here indicate how many hyper volumes are used for this volume. For any
RAID system using remote LUN for data storing, each remote LUN should be
count as a disk.  If the plugin failed to detect disk_count, it should
be set as LSM_VOLUME_DISK_COUNT_UNKNOWN(0).
.IP "min_io_size" 12
uint32_t. The minimum I/O size, device preferred I/O size for random
I/O.  Any I/O size not equal to a multiple of this value may get
significant speed penalty. Normally it refers to strip size of each
disk(extent).
If plugin failed to detect min_io_size, it should try these values in
the sequence of:
logical sector size -> physical sector size ->
LSM_VOLUME_MIN_IO_SIZE_UNKNOWN(0).
.IP "opt_io_size" 12
uint32_t. The optimal I/O size, device preferred I/O size for sequential
I/O. Normally it refers to RAID group stripe size. If plugin failed to
detect opt_io_size, it should be set to
LSM_VOLUME_OPT_IO_SIZE_UNKNOWN(0).
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.2.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Retrieves the RAID information of specified volume.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_RAID_INFO
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or invalid flags.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
