.TH "lsm_volume_replicate_range" 3 "lsm_volume_replicate_range" "May 2018" "Libstoragemgmt C API Manual" 
.SH NAME
lsm_volume_replicate_range \- Replicates a portion of a volume to a volume.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "int" lsm_volume_replicate_range
.BI "(lsm_connect *" conn ","
.BI "lsm_replication_type " rep_type ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" source ","
.BI "lsm_volume *" dest ","
.BI "lsm_block_range **" ranges ","
.BI "uint32_t " num_ranges ","
.BI "char **" job ","
.BI "lsm_flag " flags ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "conn" 12
Valid connection.
.IP "rep_type" 12
lsm_replication_type. Valid values are:
* LSM_VOLUME_REPLICATE_CLONE
   Point in time read writeable space efficient copy of
   data. Also know as read writeable snapshot.
* LSM_VOLUME_REPLICATE_COPY
   Full bitwise copy of the data (occupies full space).
.IP "source" 12
Pointer of replication source lsm_volume.
.IP "dest" 12
Pointer of replication target lsm_volume. Could be the same as source.
.IP "ranges" 12
Array of lsm_block_range. Please use
\fBlsm_block_range_record_array_alloc\fP and \fBlsm_block_range_record_alloc\fP
to create it.
.IP "num_ranges" 12
uint32_t. Number of entries in ranges.
.IP "job" 12
Output pointer of string. If storage system support asynchronous
action on this, a job will be created and could be tracked
via \fBlsm_job_status_get\fP. NULL if storage system does not support
asynchronous action on this.
.IP "flags" 12
Reserved for future use, must be LSM_CLIENT_FLAG_RSVD.
.SH "VERSION"
1.0
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Replicates a portion of specified source volume to target volume.
.SH "CAPABILITY"
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_COPY_RANGE
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_COPY_RANGE_CLONE
LSM_CAP_VOLUME_COPY_RANGE_COPY
.SH "RETURN"
Error code as enumerated by 'lsm_error_number'.
    * LSM_ERR_OK
        On success.
    * LSM_ERR_JOB_STARTED
        A job is started. Please check the 'job' output pointer.
    * LSM_ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT
        When any argument is NULL or not a valid lsm_connect pointer
        or invalid flags or invalid replication type.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_VOLUME
        When volume not found.
    * LSM_ERR_NOT_FOUND_POOL
        When pool not found.
    * LSM_ERR_POOL_NOT_READY
        Pool is not ready.
    * LSM_ERR_NO_SUPPORT
        Not supported.
